---
layout: splash
lang: en
permalink: /legal/cookies-policy/
title: Cookies Policy
---

Below you can find an automatic translation from the italian version.
This is provided only to help our users, but you should always refer to the Italian version available at <a {% static_href %}href="/legal/cookies-policy/"{% endstatic_href %}>/legal/cookies-policy/</a>.
{: .notice--warning}

## COOKIES POLICY

Last updated: 2025/02/17

**1. COOKIE AND OTHER SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES**

The Company, in order to offer its services and ensure the best browsing experience on the site, collects certain information through cookies.

There are some cookies that are necessary to make the services work and ensure that these services function correctly without interfering with the website's functions. These cookies cannot be rejected and will always be installed if the site is used. Other cookies, however, can be rejected, preventing them from being stored, although in certain cases, this may reduce or interrupt some site features or worsen the browsing experience.

**1.1. What are Cookies**

Cookies are small files that are installed on your device that you use to browse the Site.

Generally, a cookie contains a series of information, including the name of the website from which it originates, the duration of the cookie’s stay on your device, and a value (often a unique number randomly generated by the system). Some cookies may contain additional data, such as information about the time zone or the language used while browsing the site.

Our cookies are first-party cookies, meaning they are transmitted directly from the website being visited (i.e., Publisher).

Third-party cookies are those transmitted from websites or web servers other than the website being visited.  
Session cookies are those that are deleted when the browser is closed.  
Persistent cookies are those that are not automatically deleted when the browser is closed and are saved on the user’s device.

**1.2. Other technologies similar to Cookies used**

In addition to cookies, we may also store information locally on your device or *session storage objects,* files similar to cookies, used to store small information on your device for the same purposes for which cookies are used. We may also use so-called *tracking pixels,* small images downloaded to your device along with the rest of the website content, through which certain user information is transferred to us.

**1.3. Types of Cookies Used**

The Site uses the following cookies:

**a. Technical Cookies:**

* ***Strictly necessary.*** These cookies are necessary for the proper functioning and security of the Site and cannot be disabled in our systems. The installation and use of these cookies do not require user consent. You can set your browser to block these cookies, but some parts of the Site may not work.

* ***Functionality.*** These cookies allow the Site to provide certain features. The installation and use of these cookies do not require user consent. You can set your browser to block these cookies, but some services may not function correctly.

**b. Performance Cookies.** 

These cookies allow for collecting information on how users use the Site to process statistical analyses about the number of users and how they navigate the Site. The installation and use of these cookies require user consent. 

**c. Profiling Cookies.** 

These cookies allow the creation of user profiles in order to send advertising messages in line with the preferences expressed by the user during browsing. The installation and use of these cookies require user consent. The Site and third-party providers use both first-party and third-party cookies.

**d. Social Media Cookies.**

The Site may provide users with buttons to share content via social networks or other communication tools. Pages containing such buttons do not release first-party or third-party cookies. However, by clicking the symbol of the chosen sharing tool, the user will access third-party functionalities or platforms – for which the Owner is not responsible – that may release cookies.

**1.4. How to consent to cookies, revoke it, or modify preferences**  
The use of performance, profiling, and social media cookies requires user consent. When accessing any page of the Site, a banner appears containing a brief information notice on the cookies used.

Through the banner, the user can:

* Manage settings for individual cookie categories (functionality and performance);

  * Reject the use of functionality and performance cookies. In this case, the Site will use only strictly necessary cookies (technical);

  * Express consent to the use of functionality and performance cookies;

  * Access our Cookie Preference Center to select preferences by enabling or disabling individual cookie categories.

The banner is visible only on the first visit to the Site; the preferences expressed by the user are saved, via a technical cookie, so that they can access the Site pages directly on subsequent visits. However, the user retains the right to disable cookies at any time or delete them. In such cases, upon returning, the Site will request the user’s consent again.

The user can still modify and manage performance cookie preferences in our Cookie Preference Center, available via the appropriate banner.

Furthermore, the user can deactivate performance and profiling cookies by following the instructions provided by the respective operators in their privacy policies.

Deactivating performance and profiling cookies does not compromise the use of the Site.

**1.5. Managing Cookies via the Browser**. 

The user can manage cookie preferences directly within their browser and prevent their installation. Through browser preferences, it is also possible to delete installed cookies.

It is important to note that disabling cookies may limit the Site's usability and prevent the user from fully benefiting from its features and services.

**1.6. Cookie Retention**

Depending on the type of cookie, they may be stored for a longer or shorter time. For example, session cookies last only during a particular session and are automatically deleted when the browser is closed. Persistent cookies, on the other hand, remain saved even if the browser is closed or the device is powered off, remaining active for the time period defined in the cookie itself.

******

For more information regarding the privacy policy and the cookies policy outlined above, you can always contact us at: info@ippocra.com, and we will be happy to provide you with further responses.
